---
title: ! 'heckler是什么 '
---

<blockquote>
  <p>A Conspiracy of Hecklers
  <a href="http://www.zonaeuropa.com/20071112_1.htm">http://www.zonaeuropa.com/20071112_1.htm</a></p>
</blockquote>

<p>1</p>

<blockquote>
  <blockquote>
    <p>President Chen Shui-bian (陳水扁) shrugged off hecklers at two functions in Taipei City yesterday, a departure from a few days earlier, when he responded to their challenge.  &#8220;It was quite a fanfare,&#8221; Chen told reporters as he was leaving the International Conference Center where he attended the opening ceremony of a medical forum.</p>
  </blockquote>
</blockquote>

<p>2</p>

<blockquote>
  <blockquote>
    <p>The president has since been confronted by hecklers on other occasions, including during a visit to a school and a medical facility. Each time the hecklers are spirited away by security officers, the president has publicly chided his critics and reaffirmed his own sense of self-righteousness. According to our outspoken president and vice president, all of their critics are either agents of the opposition-dominated press, dolts or just plain wrong.</p>
  </blockquote>
</blockquote>

<p>3</p>

<blockquote>
  <blockquote>
    <p>Yesterday in Miao Li, President Chen Shui-bian sent this message to the hecklers over the past few days: &#8220;If you don&#8217;t like Taiwan and you think that China is so great, you should know that there is no lid over the Pacific Ocean.  If you like China, you should swim over there!&#8221;</p>
  </blockquote>
</blockquote>

<p>4</p>

<blockquote>
  <blockquote>
    <p>The storm created by Charlie and Ah Chu is worthy of contemplation.  In ancient times, even a humane emperor who observes the hardship of his people might be sympathetic to their plight.  But we now have a democracy in which whenever a citizen dissents, the government immediate invoke &#8220;conspiracy&#8221; &#8212; the hecklers are &#8220;China fellow travelers,&#8221; the media set up the show, it is the &#8220;Red Shirts&#8221; or it is &#8220;Ma Ying-jeou&#8217;s relatives.&#8221;</p>
  </blockquote>
</blockquote>

<p>heckler</p>

<p>The noun heckler has 1 sense (no senses from tagged texts)</p>

<ol>
<li>heckler, badgerer &#8212; (someone who tries to embarrass you with gibes and questions and objections)</li>
</ol>

<p>all you web 2.0 startup wanna be, go register the domain name hecklr~! hah hah</p>
